---
title: Advertising email template
layout: resource
---

Scientists from the Universities of Bristol, Exeter, Leeds, UCL and the Met
Office are hosting a three-day hackathon on 2–4 June, open to all UK researchers
in the field, to produce cutting-edge research using Climate Model
Intercomparison Project 6 (CMIP6) data. We aim to showcase outputs from the
hackathon as part of the COP26 delegation in November, and through peer-reviewed
publications.

Researchers can sign up to topics ranging from climate change to oceanography,
biogeochemistry, and more. Teams will be led by senior academics from a range of
disciplines at the partner universities, but participating researchers can be
from any UK academic institution. This opportunity is open to Early Career
Researchers (ECRs), for instance PhD students, postdocs and fellows.

We are looking for enthusiastic and dedicated researchers who already have
experience with analysing environmental data, and who are keen to experience
working with different scientists and institutes, and perhaps on topics not
immediately in their area. We also intend that ECRs will build strong
relationships with their peers from other institutes.

This virtual event will require approximately two hours commitment prior to the
hackathon, and then three days commitment during the event, which will take part
from 2–4 June 2021. Technical support and guidance will be provided by the Cabot
and Jean Golding Institutes at the University of Bristol, but we expect all
applicants to have prior knowledge of scientific programming.

If you are interested in applying and having the opportunity to engage with
like-minded scientists, then please complete the application form on our
[Hackathon website]. Please be aware that this event will only be open to those
residing in UK academic institutions.

The closing date for the applications is [16 April 2021]. If you have any queries,
or have any difficulties completing the registration form, please email
[...].
